My day, my joy, which love and love, My holy and my fear, my holy and my fear,
My love, my joy, which love and love, My holy and my fear, my holy and my fear,
For in the past our teachers came, Their angels passed it on, their nations passed them on,
Because the Lord, you know, you did, Has brought him on.
Let every kindred, let every tribe, All his serenity form, all his serenity form,
To him, O Majesty, our sky and ground, Round him, round him, round him, Round him, round him, and round him on.
To him, O Majesty, our sky and ground, Round him, round him, round him, and round him.
Round him.
On my daily I go to him, daily I go to him,
Alleluia.
Let every kindred, let every tribe, All his serenity form, all his serenity form,
To him, O Majesty, our sky and ground, Round him, round him, round him, and round him on.
How we hear our brotherly praise, Alleluia, When our hearts have pain of praise, Alleluia,
Tills our prophets may live long, Alleluia, Should be sound throughout the earth, Alleluia.
Nature brings Christ and his grace, Alleluia, To the fount of every race, Alleluia.
Nature, hear the prophets' sound, Alleluia, The salvation on our own, Alleluia.
Thank you.
Amen.